[pythonic resources] Add docs on using resources with schedules and sensors (#12938)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/schedules.mdx

Here, a resource is provided which helps a schedule generate a date string:

```python file=/concepts/resources/pythonic_resources.py startafter=start_new_resource_on_schedule endbefore=end_new_resource_on_schedule dedent=4
from dagster import (
    schedule,
    ScheduleEvaluationContext,
    ConfigurableResource,
    job,
    RunRequest,
    RunConfig,
    Definitions,
)
from datetime import datetime
from typing import List

class DateFormatter(ConfigurableResource):
    format: str

    def strftime(self, dt: datetime) -> str:
        return dt.strftime(self.format)

@job
def process_data():
    ...

@schedule(job=process_data, cron_schedule="* * * * *")
def process_data_schedule(
    context: ScheduleEvaluationContext,
    date_formatter: DateFormatter,
):
    formatted_date = date_formatter.strftime(context.scheduled_execution_time)

    return RunRequest(
        run_key=None,
        tags={"date": formatted_date},
    )

defs = Definitions(
    jobs=[process_data],
    schedules=[process_data_schedule],
    resources={"date_formatter": DateFormatter(format="%Y-%m-%d")},
)
```

For more information on resources, refer to the [Resources documentation](/concepts/resources).

> 

Reviewer: Thoughts on including a link to the testing section lower on the page? It seems like a logical next step

To specify resource dependencies, annotate the resource as a parameter to the schedule's function. Resources are provided by attaching them to your <PyObject object="Definitions" /> call.

Here, a resource is provided which helps a schedule generate run configuration for a job.

```python file=/concepts/resources/pythonic_resources.py startafter=start_new_resource_on_schedule endbefore=end_new_resource_on_schedule dedent=4
from dagster import (
    schedule,
    ScheduleEvaluationContext,
    ConfigurableResource,
    job,
    RunRequest,
    RunConfig,
    Definitions,
)
from datetime import datetime
from typing import List

class DateFormatter(ConfigurableResource):
    format: str

    def strftime(self, dt: datetime) -> str:
        return dt.strftime(self.format)

@job
def process_data():
    ...

@schedule(job=process_data, cron_schedule="* * * * *")
def process_data_schedule(
    context: ScheduleEvaluationContext,
    date_formatter: DateFormatter,
):
    formatted_date = date_formatter.strftime(context.scheduled_execution_time)

    return RunRequest(
        run_key=None,

>         run_config=RunConfig(ops={"fetch_data": {"date": formatted_date}}),

Reviewer 2: this is really confusing to have a configurable op alongside the resource, especially since it is hidden via the `...` in `process_data`

Author: Updated to just pass data as a tag (so it's used somewhere), dropped config

        tags={},
    )

defs = Definitions(
    jobs=[process_data],
    schedules=[process_data_schedule],
    resources={"date_formatter": DateFormatter(format="%Y-%m-%d")},
)
```

> For more information on resources, see the [resources](/concepts/resources#using-resources-with-schedules) concept page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on resources, refer to the [Resources documentation](/concepts/resources#using-resources-with-schedules).
```

Sorry this feels nitpicky - I'm trying to standardize how we reference other docs. This feels a bit more formal.

Below is a test for the `process_data_schedule` that we defined [above](#using-resources-in-schedules) which uses the `date_formatter` resource.

```python file=/concepts/resources/pythonic_resources.py startafter=start_test_resource_on_schedule endbefore=end_test_resource_on_schedule dedent=4
from dagster import build_schedule_context, validate_run_config

def test_process_data_schedule():
    # You can build resources into the schedule context
    context = build_schedule_context(
        scheduled_execution_time=datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1),
        resources={"date_formatter": DateFormatter(format="%Y-%m-%d")},
    )
    run_request = process_data_schedule(context)
    assert (
        run_request.run_config["ops"]["fetch_data"]["config"]["date"]
        == "2020-01-01"
    )

    # You can also supply resources as kwargs to the schedule function
    context = build_schedule_context(
        scheduled_execution_time=datetime.datetime(2020, 1, 1)
    )
    run_request = process_data_schedule(
        context, date_formatter=DateFormatter(format="%Y-%m-%d")
    )
    assert (
        run_request.run_config["ops"]["fetch_data"]["config"]["date"]
        == "2020-01-01"
    )
```

> 

Reviewer 2: pass directly instead of through context
